SuttaCentral Copyright
======================

<https://legacy.suttacentral.net/copyright>

Material on SuttaCentral falls in three distinct categories in relation to
copyright, which are detailed below. If you wish to assert copyright over any
material on SuttaCentral, or wish to discuss copyright on SuttaCentral, please
do not hesitate to contact us.

1. Original material created by SuttaCentral
--------------------------------------------

All original material created by SuttaCentral is dedicated to the Public Domain
as per Creative Commons Zero (CC0 1.0 Universal).

This includes all text, design, software, and images created by SuttaCentral or
persons working for SuttaCentral, on the domain suttacentral.net, or any
domains or subdomains owned or managed by SuttaCentral, unless otherwise
specified.

You are invited to copy, alter, redistribute, present, perform, convey or make
use of any or all of this material in any way you wish. We would appreciate a
notice of attribution, but this is not necessary. Please let us know if you
would like any assistance in making use of our materials.

2. Material created by others and made available for SuttaCentral
-----------------------------------------------------------------

For certain of the material on SuttaCentral the copyright has been asserted by
third parties. This includes most of the translated texts. In such cases the
terms of the copyright are specified by the copyright asserter, who is usually
the translator or original publisher. Such material is used by permission. The
relevant copyright notices as specified by the asserter of copyright are
included with the material.

3. Public domain material
-------------------------

The original texts of Buddhism in Pali, Chinese, Sanskrit, Tibetan, and other
languages, are in the public domain. We believe that copyright assertions
regarding such material have no legal basis. Nevertheless, we endeavor to use
all materials with permission.

In addition, the reference data, including information on parallels, is not an
"original creation" and as such does not fall within the scope of copyright.
